fix text (#3362)
AzureAD/microsoft-identity-web: supportPolicy.md

| 3.x           | [![NuGet](https://img.shields.io/nuget/v/Microsoft.Identity.Web.svg?style=flat-square&label=nuget&colorB=00b200)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Identity.Web/)   |Monthly| Active | Not planned.<br/>✅Supported versions: from 3.0.0 to [![NuGet](https://img.shields.io/nuget/v/Microsoft.Identity.Web.svg?style=flat-square&label=nuget&colorB=00b200)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Identity.Web/)<br/>⚠️Unsupported versions `< 3.0.0`.|

## Out of support versions

> The following table lists IdentityWeb versions no longer supported and no longer receiving security fixes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table lists Microsoft.Identity.Web versions no longer supported and no longer receiving security fixes.
```
